URL: https://docs.polymarket.com/developers/builders/builder-intro

Polymarket Builders Program
Builder Program Introduction
Learn about Polymarket’s Builder Program and how to integrate your platform
​
What is a Builder?
In the context of Polymarket, a “builder” refers to a person, group, or organization that routes orders from their customers to Polymarket. For example, if you’ve created a unique front end that allows your users to place trades on Polymarket via your system, then this guide is for you.
​
Builder Program Benefits
The Builders Program currently provides two main benefits:
​
1. Polygon Relayer Access
We expose our Polygon relayer to builders, allowing you to route on-chain transactions through our infrastructure. This means:
Polymarket pays for gas fees
on your behalf (when using our Safe Wallets)
You can deploy
Safe Wallets
for your users and customers
​
2. Trading Attribution
When posting orders to our CLOB exchange, you can add custom headers that identify you as a builder. This enables Polymarket to clearly attribute orders coming from your platform.
High volume builders will be showcased in our upcoming
Builder Leaderboard
allowing Builders to compete for grants from Polymarket.
​
Getting Started
Explore the following guides to integrate with the Builders Program:
Builder Keys
- Learn how to generate your Builder Keys and manage your builder profile
Order Attribution
- Learn how to attribute customer orders to your builder account
Relayer Client
- Use the Polygon relayer for gasless transactions and Safe wallet deployment (available in TypeScript and Python)
Builder Signing Server
- Set up a secure server for remote signing of builder headers
​
Client Libraries
The Builders Program provides official client libraries in multiple languages:
TypeScript
:
@polymarket/builder-relayer-client
Python
:
py-builder-relayer-client
​
Tracking Builder Performance
Monitor builder’s performance programmatically using our Data API:
Leaderboard API
- Get aggregated builder rankings for a time period
Volume API
- Get daily time-series volume data for trend analysis
You can also view your public profile and stats on the
Builder Leaderboard
.
Endpoints
Builder Profile & Keys
⌘
I
github
Powered by Mintlify
